README.md, before:

# Rustaceology Logbook &#129408;

![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Rust-B7410E?logo=rust&logoColor=28282B&labelColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-blue?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=blue&labelColor=white)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/hdescobarh/rustaceology-logbook)


I am interested in using computing to address biological questions. Although I was familiar with interpreted languages like Python and Java, I wondered if I should learn a compiled language. I was reluctant because languages like C++ have complex syntax; besides, I did not find an immediate practical usage for a compiled language in the scientific context.

However, after I read *["Why scientists are turning to Rust"](https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-020-03382-2)* in *Nature*, I got the motivation to start the journey of learning Rust. This repository is to follow my progress and to keep me motivated &#128170;&#127997;.

The repository has the following folder organization:

## &#128217; Notes

1. It contains multiple subfolders with Rust projects; most of them are adaptations of the bibliography's examples. I intend to make the source code self-explanatory and preserve annotations at a minimum. Since I do not want to spend time deciding on a good subfolder organization, I will broadly follow the same numeration as in *The Rust Programming Language* book.

2. There is an autogenerated Markdown file containing the source code of all projects. Having all notes in a single place makes me more comfortable when reviewing them.

## &#127939;&#127997; Exercises

Subfolders contain projects I made as exercises; there are no strict rules for naming them.

## &#128218; Bibliography

It stores the bibliography in a single BibTeX formatted file.

Commit message:

Added a new folder for notes about relevant topics to understand how Rust works. Update the README file.

README.md, after:

# Rustaceology Logbook &#129408;

![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Rust-B7410E?logo=rust&logoColor=28282B&labelColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-blue?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=blue&labelColor=white)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/hdescobarh/rustaceology-logbook)


I am interested in using computing to address biological questions. Although I was familiar with interpreted languages like Python and Java, I wondered if I should learn a compiled language. I was reluctant because languages like C++ have complex syntax; besides, I did not find an immediate practical usage for a compiled language in the scientific context.

However, after I read *["Why scientists are turning to Rust"](https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-020-03382-2)* in *Nature*, I got the motivation to start the journey of learning Rust. This repository is to follow my progress and to keep me motivated &#128170;&#127997;.

The repository has the following folder organization:

## &#128217; Notes

1. It contains multiple subfolders with Rust projects; most of them are adaptations of the bibliography's examples. I intend to make the source code self-explanatory and preserve annotations at a minimum. Since I do not want to spend time deciding on a good subfolder organization, I will broadly follow the same numeration as in *The Rust Programming Language* book.

2. There is an autogenerated Markdown file containing the source code of all projects. Having all notes in a single place makes me more comfortable when reviewing them.

3. There is a folder for manual notes about relevant topic to understand how Rust works.

## &#127939;&#127997; Exercises

Subfolders contain projects I made as exercises; there are no strict rules for naming them.

## &#128218; Bibliography

It stores the bibliography in a single BibTeX formatted file.
